Add documentation of attributes (#2255)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/test-attributes.md

in order to be run & assessed correctly. 

Read more about test collection [here](./test-collection.md).

### `#[ignore]`

Marks the function as ignored, it will be skipped after collecting.
Use this if you don't want the test to be run (the runner will display how many tests were ignored in the summary).

Read more about the behavior and how to override this [here](./testing.md#ignoring-some-tests-unless-specifically-requested).

### `#[should_panic]`

A test function can be marked with this attribute, in order to assert that the test function itself will panic.
If the test panics when marked with this attribute, it's considered as "passed".
 
Moreover, it can be used with either a tuple of shortstrings or a string for assessment of the exit panic data 
(depending on what your contract throws).

#### Usage

Asserting the panic data with bytearray: 
```rust
#[should_panic(expected: "No such file or directory (os error 2)")]
```

Asserting the panic data with array of shortstrings: 
```rust
#[should_panic(expected: ('panic message', 'second message',)]
```

Asserting that the function panics (any with any panic data): 

```rust
#[should_panic]

> ```

Reviewer: ```
#[should_panic(expected: 'single felt')]
```
is also supported

### `#[available_gas]`

Sets a gas limit for the test.
If the test exceeds the limit, it fails with an appropriate error. 

#### Usage 

Asserts that the test does not use more than 5 units of gas. 
```rust
#[available_gas(5)]
```

### `#[fork]`

Enables state forking for the given test case.

Read more about fork testing [here](../snforge-advanced-features/fork-testing.md).

#### Usage

Configures the fork endpoint with given URL/ID of a URL and a reference point for forking - block number, 

> block hash, or a named tag (only "latest" being supported). 

Reviewer: I think we can add example with
```
#[fork(url: "http://example.com", block_tag: latest)]
```

Usage with `block_number` as the reference:
```rust
#[fork(url: "http://example.com", block_number: 123)]
```

Usage with `block_hash` as the reference:
```rust
#[fork(url: "http://example.com", block_hash: 0x123deadbeef)]
```

Or if you define fork config in your `Scarb.toml` like this:
```toml
[[tool.snforge.fork]]
name = "TESTNET"
url = "http://your.rpc.url"
block_id.tag = "Latest"
```

You can reference it by the name in the tag, so you don't have to repeat yourself.
```rust
#[fork("TESTNET")] 
```

### `#[fuzzer]`

Enables fuzzing for a given test case.

Read more about test case fuzzing [here](../snforge-advanced-features/fuzz-testing.md). 

#### Usage

Mark the test as fuzzed test, and configure the fuzzer itself.
Configures how many runs will be performed, and the starting seed (for repeatability). 

```rust

> #[fuzzer(runs: 10, seed: 123)]

Reviewer: Both args are optional and if not specified will be defaulted. I think it is worth mentioning here

## Test Attributes

> `snforge` allows setting some test attributes for test cases, in order to modify their behavior. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`snforge` allows setting test attributes for test cases in order to modify their behavior. 
```

Currently, those attributes are supported:
 
- `#[test]`
- `#[ignore]`
- `#[should_panic]`
- `#[available_gas]`
- `#[fork]`
- `#[fuzzer]`

### `#[test]`

Marks the function as a test case, to be visible for test collector.
Read more about test collection [here](./test-collection.md).

### `#[ignore]`

Marks the function as ignored, it will be skipped after collecting.
Use this if you don't want the test to be run (the runner will display how many tests were ignored in the summary).

Read more about the behavior and how to override this [here](./testing.md#ignoring-some-tests-unless-specifically-requested).

### `#[should_panic]`

A test function can be marked with this attribute, in order to assert that the test function itself will panic.
If the test panics when marked with this attribute, it's considered as "passed".
 
Moreover, it can be used with either a tuple of shortstrings or a string for assessment of the exit panic data 
(depending on what your contract throws).

#### Usage
Asserting the panic data can be done with multiple types of inputs:

> Bytearray: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ByteArray`: 
```

```rust
#[should_panic(expected: "No such file or directory (os error 2)")]
```

Shortstring:
```rust
#[should_panic(expected: 'panic message')]
```

Array of shortstrings: 
```rust
#[should_panic(expected: ('panic message', 'second message',)]
```

Asserting that the function panics (any with any panic data): 

```rust
#[should_panic]
```

### `#[available_gas]`

Sets a gas limit for the test.
If the test exceeds the limit, it fails with an appropriate error. 

#### Usage 

Asserts that the test does not use more than 5 units of gas. 
```rust
#[available_gas(5)]
```

### `#[fork]`

Enables state forking for the given test case.

Read more about fork testing [here](../snforge-advanced-features/fork-testing.md).

#### Usage

> Configures the fork endpoint with given URL/ID of a URL and a reference point for forking - block number, 

Reviewer 2: What's `ID of a URL`? If you meant name of a fork config, then it is a bit confusing with the same info a few lines below

block hash, or a named tag (only "latest" being supported). 

> Usage with `block_number` as the reference:

Reviewer 2: I think this could be a table instead of repeating almost the same message three times

```rust
#[fork(url: "http://example.com", block_number: 123)]
```

Usage with `block_hash` as the reference:
```rust
#[fork(url: "http://example.com", block_hash: 0x123deadbeef)]
```

Usage with `block_tag` as the reference:
```rust

> #[fork(url: "http://example.com", block_tag: latest)]

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't `latest` be in quotes?

Reviewer: It should not

```

> Or if you define fork config in your `Scarb.toml` like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also define your frequently used fork configs in your `Scarb.toml`:
```

```toml
[[tool.snforge.fork]]
name = "TESTNET"
url = "http://your.rpc.url"

> block_id.tag = "Latest"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
block_id.tag = "latest"
```

```

> You can reference it by the name in the tag, so you don't have to repeat yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, instead of repeating them inside the attribute, you can reference them by the given name of the config declared in `Scarb.toml`:
```

```rust
#[fork("TESTNET")] 
```

### `#[fuzzer]`

Enables fuzzing for a given test case.

Read more about test case fuzzing [here](../snforge-advanced-features/fuzz-testing.md). 

#### Usage

Mark the test as fuzzed test, and configure the fuzzer itself.
Configures how many runs will be performed, and the starting seed (for repeatability). 

```rust
#[fuzzer(runs: 10, seed: 123)]
```

> Both parameters (or just one of them as well) can be omitted like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any parameter of `fuzzer` attribute can be omitted:
```

```rust

> #[fuzzer]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#[fuzzer]
#[fuzzer(runs: 10)]
#[fuzzer(seed: 123)]
```

```

> And will be filled in with default values in that case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In such a case, the omitted ones will be filled in with default values.
```

You could add info what the default values are

## Test Attributes

`snforge` allows setting test attributes for test cases in order to modify their behavior.

Currently, those attributes are supported:

- `#[test]`
- `#[ignore]`
- `#[should_panic]`
- `#[available_gas]`
- `#[fork]`
- `#[fuzzer]`

### `#[test]`

Marks the function as a test case, to be visible for test collector.
Read more about test collection [here](./test-collection.md).

### `#[ignore]`

Marks the function as ignored, it will be skipped after collecting.
Use this if you don't want the test to be run (the runner will display how many tests were ignored in the summary).

Read more about the behavior and how to override
this [here](./testing.md#ignoring-some-tests-unless-specifically-requested).

### `#[should_panic]`

A test function can be marked with this attribute, in order to assert that the test function itself will panic.
If the test panics when marked with this attribute, it's considered as "passed".

Moreover, it can be used with either a tuple of shortstrings or a string for assessment of the exit panic data
(depending on what your contract throws).

#### Usage

Asserting the panic data can be done with multiple types of inputs:

> `ByteArray`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ByteArray:
```

```rust
#[should_panic(expected: "No such file or directory (os error 2)")]
```

Shortstring:

```rust
#[should_panic(expected: 'panic message')]
```

> Array of shortstrings:

Reviewer 3: To be more precise - shouldn't it be `Tuple of shortstrings`?

Reviewer 4: Yes, it should

```rust

> # [should_panic(expected: ('panic message', 'second message', )]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#[should_panic(expected: ('panic message', 'second message', )]
```

| `block_tag`    | `#[fork(url: "http://example.com", block_tag: latest)]`         |

You can also define your frequently used fork configs in your `Scarb.toml`:

```toml
[[tool.snforge.fork]]
name = "TESTNET"
url = "http://your.rpc.url"
block_id.tag = "latest"
```

Then, instead of repeating them inside the attribute, you can reference them by the given name of the config declared
in `Scarb.toml`:

```rust
#[fork("TESTNET")] 
```

### `#[fuzzer]`

Enables fuzzing for a given test case.

Read more about test case fuzzing [here](../snforge-advanced-features/fuzz-testing.md).

#### Usage

Mark the test as fuzzed test, and configure the fuzzer itself.
Configures how many runs will be performed, and the starting seed (for repeatability).

```rust
#[fuzzer(runs: 10, seed: 123)]
```

Any parameter of `fuzzer` attribute can be omitted:

```rust
#[fuzzer]
#[fuzzer(runs: 10)]
#[fuzzer(seed: 123)]
```

And will be filled in with default values in that case (default `runs` value is 256).

> ⚠️ **Warning**
>
> Please note, that the test function needs to have some parameters in order for fuzzer to have something to fuzz.

> > Otherwise it will fail to execute and crash the runner. 

Reviewer 5: Where does the crash happen, during execution or before any test is actually executed? cc @Draggu

Author: In the runtime i believe

Reviewer 5: Not the best, but I guess we can live with that
